Update recommendations and notes regarding microcode and AMD (#1424)
QubesOS/qubes-doc: user/hardware/system-requirements.md

## Recommended

- **CPU:** 64-bit Intel processor (also known as `x86_64`, `x64`, and `Intel 64`)
  - [Intel VT-x](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86_virtualization#Intel_virtualization_.28VT-x.29) with [EPT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Level_Address_Translation#Extended_Page_Tables)
  - [Intel VT-d](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86_virtualization#Intel-VT-d)
  - For security, we recommend processors that are recent enough to still be

>     receiving microcode updates (see [below](#important-updates) for details).

Reviewer: Maybe worth linking somewhere to the list of support end dates for Intel? https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/support/articles/000022396/processors.html (those missing don't have announced date yet, and there is no clear policy how long each CPU family is supported...)

  the same hardware.

- Intel and AMD handle microcode updates differently, which has significant
  security implications. On Intel platforms, microcode updates can typically be
  loaded from the operating system. This allows the Qubes security team to
  respond rapidly to new vulnerabilities by shipping microcode updates alongside
  other security updates directly to users. By contrast, on AMD client (as
  opposed to server) platforms, microcode updates are typically shipped only as
  part of system firmware and generally cannot be loaded from the operating
  system. This means that AMD users typically must wait for:
  
  1. AMD to distribute microcode updates to original equipment manufacturers
  (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), and motherboard manufacturers
  (MB); and
  2. The user's OEM, ODM, or MB to provide a suitable BIOS or (U)EFI update for
  the user's system.
  
  Historically, AMD has often been slow to complete step (1), at least for its
  client (as opposed to server) platforms. In some cases, AMD has made fixes
  available for its server platforms very shortly after a security embargo was

>   lifted, but it did not make fixes  available for client platforms facing the

Reviewer 2: double spaces after "fixes"

  be supported. Many newer Intel processors are missing from this list. To our
  knowledge, Intel does not announce end-of-support dates for its newer
  processors in advance, nor does it have a public policy governing how long
  support will last.

- Intel and AMD handle microcode updates differently, which has significant
  security implications. On Intel platforms, microcode updates can typically be
  loaded from the operating system. This allows the Qubes security team to
  respond rapidly to new vulnerabilities by shipping microcode updates alongside
  other security updates directly to users. By contrast, on AMD client (as
  opposed to server) platforms, microcode updates are typically shipped only as
  part of system firmware and generally cannot be loaded from the operating
  system. This means that AMD users typically must wait for:
  
  1. AMD to distribute microcode updates to original equipment manufacturers
  (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), and motherboard manufacturers
  (MB); and
  2. The user's OEM, ODM, or MB to provide a suitable BIOS or (U)EFI update for
  the user's system.
  

>   Historically, AMD has often been slow to complete step (1), at least for its
>   client (as opposed to server) platforms. In some cases, AMD has made fixes
>   available for its server platforms very shortly after a security embargo was
>   lifted, but it did not make fixes available for client platforms facing the
>   same vulnerability until weeks or months later. (A "security embargo" is the
>   practice of avoiding public disclosure of a security vulnerability prior to a
>   designated date.) By contrast, Intel has consistently made fixes available for
>   new CPU vulnerabilities across its supported platforms very shortly after
>   security embargoes have been lifted.
> 
>   Step (2) varies by vendor. Many vendors fail to complete step (2) at all,
>   while some others take a very long time to complete it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Historically, AMD has sometimes been slow to complete step (1), at least for its
  client (as opposed to server) platforms. In some cases
  (notably Speculative Return Stack Overflow, XSA-434/QSB-093),
  AMD has made fixes available for its server platforms very shortly
  after a security embargo was lifted, but it did not make fixes available
  for client platforms facing the same vulnerability until weeks or
  months later. (A "security embargo" is the practice of avoiding public
  disclosure of a security vulnerability prior to a
  designated date.) By contrast, Intel has consistently made fixes available for
  new CPU vulnerabilities across its supported platforms very shortly after
  security embargoes have been lifted.

  Step (2) varies by vendor. Many vendors fail to complete step (2) at all,
  while some others take a very long time to complete it.
```
